and it came to pass after the play that
and it came to pass after the play that the Lord spoke to Moses and Eleazar the
the Lord spoke to Moses and Eleazar the
the Lord spoke to Moses and Eleazar the son of Aaron the priest take a census of
son of Aaron the priest take a census of
son of Aaron the priest take a census of all the congregation of the children of
all the congregation of the children of
all the congregation of the children of Israel from twenty years old and above
Israel from twenty years old and above
Israel from twenty years old and above by their fathers houses all who are able
by their fathers houses all who are able
by their fathers houses all who are able to go to war in Israel so Moses and
to go to war in Israel so Moses and
to go to war in Israel so Moses and Eleazar the priest spoke with them in
Eleazar the priest spoke with them in
Eleazar the priest spoke with them in the plains of Moab by the Jordan across
the plains of Moab by the Jordan across
the plains of Moab by the Jordan across from Jericho take a census of the people
from Jericho take a census of the people
from Jericho take a census of the people from 20 years old and above just as the
from 20 years old and above just as the
from 20 years old and above just as the LORD commanded Moses and the children of
LORD commanded Moses and the children of
LORD commanded Moses and the children of Israel who came out of the land of Egypt
Israel who came out of the land of Egypt
Israel who came out of the land of Egypt Reuben was the firstborn of Israel the
Reuben was the firstborn of Israel the
Reuben was the firstborn of Israel the children of Reuben were of henyk the
children of Reuben were of henyk the
children of Reuben were of henyk the family of the hay naxaiites of Palu the
family of the hay naxaiites of Palu the
family of the hay naxaiites of Palu the family of the pala rites of hezron the
family of the pala rites of hezron the
family of the pala rites of hezron the family of the hezron i'ts of karma the
family of the hezron i'ts of karma the
family of the hezron i'ts of karma the family of the car mites these are the
family of the car mites these are the
family of the car mites these are the families of the Reuben i'ts those who
families of the Reuben i'ts those who
families of the Reuben i'ts those who were numbered of them were forty three
were numbered of them were forty three
were numbered of them were forty three thousand seven hundred and thirty and
thousand seven hundred and thirty and
thousand seven hundred and thirty and the son of Palu
the son of Palu
the son of Palu was a liar the sons of Eliab were named
was a liar the sons of Eliab were named
was a liar the sons of Eliab were named ul Dathan and abiram
ul Dathan and abiram
ul Dathan and abiram these are the Dayton and a byron
these are the Dayton and a byron
these are the Dayton and a byron representatives of the congregation who
representatives of the congregation who
representatives of the congregation who contended against Moses and Aaron in the
contended against Moses and Aaron in the
contended against Moses and Aaron in the company of coda when they contended
company of coda when they contended
company of coda when they contended against the Lord and the earth opened
against the Lord and the earth opened
against the Lord and the earth opened its mouth and swallowed them up together
its mouth and swallowed them up together
its mouth and swallowed them up together with coda
with coda
with coda when that company died when the fire
when that company died when the fire
when that company died when the fire devoured 250 men they became a sign
devoured 250 men they became a sign
devoured 250 men they became a sign nevertheless the children of coda did
nevertheless the children of coda did
nevertheless the children of coda did not die the sons of Simeon according to
not die the sons of Simeon according to
not die the sons of Simeon according to their families were of nem UL the family
their families were of nem UL the family
their families were of nem UL the family of the nemi lights of Jamin the family
of the nemi lights of Jamin the family
of the nemi lights of Jamin the family of the Geminids of jaqen the family of
of the Geminids of jaqen the family of
of the Geminids of jaqen the family of the JK Knights of Zera the family of the
the JK Knights of Zera the family of the
the JK Knights of Zera the family of the czar heights of shawl the family of the
czar heights of shawl the family of the
czar heights of shawl the family of the Shore lights these are the families of
Shore lights these are the families of
Shore lights these are the families of the Samia Knights
the Samia Knights
the Samia Knights 22200 the sons of God according to their
22200 the sons of God according to their
22200 the sons of God according to their families were of Z fond the family of
families were of Z fond the family of
families were of Z fond the family of the dzifa Knights of Hagia may the
the dzifa Knights of Hagia may the
the dzifa Knights of Hagia may the family of the haggart's
family of the haggart's
family of the haggart's of xu9 the family of the shoe Knights of
of xu9 the family of the shoe Knights of
of xu9 the family of the shoe Knights of asthma the family of the Oz Knights of
asthma the family of the Oz Knights of
asthma the family of the Oz Knights of ERI the family of the II rights of a rod
ERI the family of the II rights of a rod
ERI the family of the II rights of a rod the family of the erudite of a rely the
the family of the erudite of a rely the
the family of the erudite of a rely the family of their relights these are the
family of their relights these are the
family of their relights these are the families of the sons of God according to
families of the sons of God according to
families of the sons of God according to those who were numbered of them forty
those who were numbered of them forty
those who were numbered of them forty thousand five hundred the sons of Judah
thousand five hundred the sons of Judah
thousand five hundred the sons of Judah were ER and Onan and ER and Onan died in
were ER and Onan and ER and Onan died in
were ER and Onan and ER and Onan died in the land of Canaan and the sons of Judah
the land of Canaan and the sons of Judah
the land of Canaan and the sons of Judah according to their families were of
according to their families were of
according to their families were of Shilla the family of the Shilla Knights
Shilla the family of the Shilla Knights
Shilla the family of the Shilla Knights of Pyrrhus the family of the posits of
of Pyrrhus the family of the posits of
of Pyrrhus the family of the posits of Zera the family of the Tsar Heights
Zera the family of the Tsar Heights
Zera the family of the Tsar Heights and the sons of Peters were of hezron
and the sons of Peters were of hezron
and the sons of Peters were of hezron the family of the hezron i'ts of Hamel
the family of the hezron i'ts of Hamel
the family of the hezron i'ts of Hamel the family of the Hamer lights these are
the family of the Hamer lights these are
the family of the Hamer lights these are the families of Judah according to those
the families of Judah according to those
the families of Judah according to those who were numbered of them seventy six
who were numbered of them seventy six
who were numbered of them seventy six thousand five hundred the sons of
thousand five hundred the sons of
thousand five hundred the sons of Issachar according to their families
Issachar according to their families
Issachar according to their families were of Tola the family of the toliet of
were of Tola the family of the toliet of
were of Tola the family of the toliet of pure the family of the pew Knights of
pure the family of the pew Knights of
pure the family of the pew Knights of Jacob the family of the J Schubert's of
Jacob the family of the J Schubert's of
Jacob the family of the J Schubert's of shimron the family of the shimmer
shimron the family of the shimmer
shimron the family of the shimmer Knights these are the families of
Knights these are the families of
Knights these are the families of esseker according to those who were
esseker according to those who were
esseker according to those who were numbered of them sixty-four thousand
numbered of them sixty-four thousand
numbered of them sixty-four thousand three hundred four sons of Zebulun
three hundred four sons of Zebulun
three hundred four sons of Zebulun according to their families were of C
according to their families were of C
according to their families were of C read the family of the Tsar dates of
read the family of the Tsar dates of
read the family of the Tsar dates of Elam the family of the ELA knights of
Elam the family of the ELA knights of
Elam the family of the ELA knights of Jolyon the family of the jolly alights
Jolyon the family of the jolly alights
Jolyon the family of the jolly alights these are the families of the Zebulon
these are the families of the Zebulon
these are the families of the Zebulon nights according to those who were
nights according to those who were
nights according to those who were numbered of them sixty thousand five
numbered of them sixty thousand five
numbered of them sixty thousand five hundred the sons of Joseph according to
hundred the sons of Joseph according to
hundred the sons of Joseph according to their families by Manasseh and Ephraim
their families by Manasseh and Ephraim
their families by Manasseh and Ephraim were the sons of Manasseh of Makia the
were the sons of Manasseh of Makia the
were the sons of Manasseh of Makia the family of the maker rights and maker
family of the maker rights and maker
family of the maker rights and maker begat Gilead of Gilead the family of the
begat Gilead of Gilead the family of the
begat Gilead of Gilead the family of the gileadites these are the sons of Gilead
gileadites these are the sons of Gilead
gileadites these are the sons of Gilead of jez a family of the juries rights of
of jez a family of the juries rights of
of jez a family of the juries rights of heal ik the family of the Gila kites of
heal ik the family of the Gila kites of
heal ik the family of the Gila kites of Azrael the family of the Asura lights of
Azrael the family of the Asura lights of
Azrael the family of the Asura lights of Shechem the family of the Shechem
Shechem the family of the Shechem
Shechem the family of the Shechem heights of shemitah the family of the
heights of shemitah the family of the
heights of shemitah the family of the shemitah heights
shemitah heights
shemitah heights of Haifa the family of the he ferrets
of Haifa the family of the he ferrets
of Haifa the family of the he ferrets now Salafi had the son of Haifa had no
now Salafi had the son of Haifa had no
now Salafi had the son of Haifa had no sons but daughters and the names of the
sons but daughters and the names of the
sons but daughters and the names of the daughters of Zelophehad Ramallah Noah
daughters of Zelophehad Ramallah Noah
daughters of Zelophehad Ramallah Noah Hagler Milkha and Tessa
Hagler Milkha and Tessa
Hagler Milkha and Tessa these are the families of Manasseh and
these are the families of Manasseh and
these are the families of Manasseh and those who were numbered of them were
those who were numbered of them were
those who were numbered of them were fifty two thousand seven hundred these
fifty two thousand seven hundred these
fifty two thousand seven hundred these are the sons of Ephraim according to
are the sons of Ephraim according to
are the sons of Ephraim according to their families of shrew fella the family
their families of shrew fella the family
their families of shrew fella the family of the shoe phthalates of beaker the
of the shoe phthalates of beaker the
of the shoe phthalates of beaker the family of the back rights of taihen the
family of the back rights of taihen the
family of the back rights of taihen the family of the taya Knights and these are
family of the taya Knights and these are
family of the taya Knights and these are the sons of shufen of Iran the family of
the sons of shufen of Iran the family of
the sons of shufen of Iran the family of the arenites
the arenites
the arenites these are the families of the sons of
these are the families of the sons of
these are the families of the sons of Ephraim according to those who were
Ephraim according to those who were
Ephraim according to those who were numbered of them 32,500 these are the
numbered of them 32,500 these are the
numbered of them 32,500 these are the sons of Joseph according to their
sons of Joseph according to their
sons of Joseph according to their families
families
families sons of benjamin according to their
sons of benjamin according to their
sons of benjamin according to their families were of béla the family of the
families were of béla the family of the
families were of béla the family of the be lights of Asheville the family of the
be lights of Asheville the family of the
be lights of Asheville the family of the Asheville lights of a higher earth the
Asheville lights of a higher earth the
Asheville lights of a higher earth the family of the a higher Knights of shufen
family of the a higher Knights of shufen
family of the a higher Knights of shufen the family of the shoe fomites of hue
the family of the shoe fomites of hue
the family of the shoe fomites of hue feh the family of the hue fo Knights and
feh the family of the hue fo Knights and
feh the family of the hue fo Knights and the sons of Beeler were awed and named
the sons of Beeler were awed and named
the sons of Beeler were awed and named of odd the family of the are dates of
of odd the family of the are dates of
of odd the family of the are dates of naman the family of the near mites these
naman the family of the near mites these
naman the family of the near mites these are the sons of Benjamin according to
are the sons of Benjamin according to
are the sons of Benjamin according to their families and those who were
their families and those who were
their families and those who were numbered of them were forty five
numbered of them were forty five
numbered of them were forty five thousand six hundred these are the sons
thousand six hundred these are the sons
thousand six hundred these are the sons of death according to their families of
of death according to their families of
of death according to their families of schewe
schewe
schewe the family of their shoe Hermits these
the family of their shoe Hermits these
the family of their shoe Hermits these are the families of Dan according to
are the families of Dan according to
are the families of Dan according to their families all the families of the
their families all the families of the
their families all the families of the shoe Hermits according to those who were
shoe Hermits according to those who were
shoe Hermits according to those who were numbered of them were sixty-four
numbered of them were sixty-four
numbered of them were sixty-four thousand four hundred the sons of Asher
thousand four hundred the sons of Asher
thousand four hundred the sons of Asher according to their families were of Jim
according to their families were of Jim
according to their families were of Jim nur the family of the Jim Knights of
nur the family of the Jim Knights of
nur the family of the Jim Knights of Jess UI the family of the Jesuits of
Jess UI the family of the Jesuits of
Jess UI the family of the Jesuits of pariah the family of the Bryan's
pariah the family of the Bryan's
pariah the family of the Bryan's of the sons of pariah of Heber the
of the sons of pariah of Heber the
of the sons of pariah of Heber the family of the Hiba rights of Malkiel the
family of the Hiba rights of Malkiel the
family of the Hiba rights of Malkiel the family of the malkia lights and the name
family of the malkia lights and the name
family of the malkia lights and the name of the daughter of Asher was sealer
of the daughter of Asher was sealer
of the daughter of Asher was sealer these are the families of the sons of
these are the families of the sons of
these are the families of the sons of Asher according to those who are
Asher according to those who are
Asher according to those who are numbered of them fifty three thousand
numbered of them fifty three thousand
numbered of them fifty three thousand four hundred
four hundred
four hundred the sons of Naphtali according to their
the sons of Naphtali according to their
the sons of Naphtali according to their families were of jazia the family of the
families were of jazia the family of the
families were of jazia the family of the jazzy lights of guna the family of the
jazzy lights of guna the family of the
jazzy lights of guna the family of the GU nights of Jesus the family of the
GU nights of Jesus the family of the
GU nights of Jesus the family of the geez rites of Shilla the family of the
geez rites of Shilla the family of the
geez rites of Shilla the family of the Schiller nights these are the families
Schiller nights these are the families
Schiller nights these are the families of NAFTA lie according to their families
of NAFTA lie according to their families
of NAFTA lie according to their families and those who were numbered of them were
and those who were numbered of them were
and those who were numbered of them were forty-five thousand four hundred bees
forty-five thousand four hundred bees
forty-five thousand four hundred bees are those who were numbered of the
are those who were numbered of the
are those who were numbered of the children of Israel six hundred and one
children of Israel six hundred and one
children of Israel six hundred and one thousand seven hundred and thirty when
thousand seven hundred and thirty when
thousand seven hundred and thirty when the Lord spoke to Moses to leaves the
the Lord spoke to Moses to leaves the
the Lord spoke to Moses to leaves the land shall be divided as an inheritance
land shall be divided as an inheritance
land shall be divided as an inheritance according to the number of names to a
according to the number of names to a
according to the number of names to a large tribe you shall give a larger
large tribe you shall give a larger
large tribe you shall give a larger inheritance and to a small tribe you
inheritance and to a small tribe you
inheritance and to a small tribe you shall give a smaller inheritance each
shall give a smaller inheritance each
shall give a smaller inheritance each shall be given its inheritance according
shall be given its inheritance according
shall be given its inheritance according to those who were numbered of them but
to those who were numbered of them but
to those who were numbered of them but the land shall be divided by lot they
the land shall be divided by lot they
the land shall be divided by lot they shall inherit according to the names of
shall inherit according to the names of
shall inherit according to the names of the tribes of their fathers according to
the tribes of their fathers according to
the tribes of their fathers according to the Lord their inheritance shall be
the Lord their inheritance shall be
the Lord their inheritance shall be divided between the larger and the
divided between the larger and the
divided between the larger and the smaller and these are those who were
smaller and these are those who were
smaller and these are those who were numbered of the Levites according to
numbered of the Levites according to
numbered of the Levites according to their families of Gershon the family of
their families of Gershon the family of
their families of Gershon the family of the gershonites of Kohath the family of
the gershonites of Kohath the family of
the gershonites of Kohath the family of the kohathites of Merari
the kohathites of Merari
the kohathites of Merari the family of the marais writes these
the family of the marais writes these
the family of the marais writes these are the families of the Levites the
are the families of the Levites the
are the families of the Levites the family of the lib nights the family of
family of the lib nights the family of
family of the lib nights the family of the Hebrew mites the family of the
the Hebrew mites the family of the
the Hebrew mites the family of the mallets the family of the new heights
mallets the family of the new heights
mallets the family of the new heights and the family of the Korah fights
and the family of the Korah fights
and the family of the Korah fights and Kohath begat amaura the name of
and Kohath begat amaura the name of
and Kohath begat amaura the name of AMRAAMs wife was Jacobite the daughter
AMRAAMs wife was Jacobite the daughter
AMRAAMs wife was Jacobite the daughter of lever who was born to Levi in Egypt
of lever who was born to Levi in Egypt
of lever who was born to Levi in Egypt and to Amram she bore Aaron and Moses
and to Amram she bore Aaron and Moses
and to Amram she bore Aaron and Moses and their sister Miriam to Aaron was
and their sister Miriam to Aaron was
and their sister Miriam to Aaron was born Nadab and Abihu Eleazar and Ithaca
born Nadab and Abihu Eleazar and Ithaca
born Nadab and Abihu Eleazar and Ithaca an a DAB and a by hew died when they
an a DAB and a by hew died when they
an a DAB and a by hew died when they offered profane fire before the Lord now
offered profane fire before the Lord now
offered profane fire before the Lord now those who were numbered of them were
those who were numbered of them were
those who were numbered of them were twenty three thousand every male from a
twenty three thousand every male from a
twenty three thousand every male from a month old and a bath for they were not
month old and a bath for they were not
month old and a bath for they were not numbered among the other children of
numbered among the other children of
numbered among the other children of Israel because there was no inheritance
Israel because there was no inheritance
Israel because there was no inheritance given to them among the children of
given to them among the children of
given to them among the children of Israel these are those who were numbered
Israel these are those who were numbered
Israel these are those who were numbered by Moses and Eleazar the priest who
by Moses and Eleazar the priest who
by Moses and Eleazar the priest who numbered the children of Israel in the
numbered the children of Israel in the
numbered the children of Israel in the plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from
plains of Moab by the Jordan across from Jericho but among these there was not a
Jericho but among these there was not a
Jericho but among these there was not a man of those who were numbered by Moses
man of those who were numbered by Moses
man of those who were numbered by Moses and Aaron the priest when they numbered
and Aaron the priest when they numbered
and Aaron the priest when they numbered the children of Israel in the wilderness
the children of Israel in the wilderness
the children of Israel in the wilderness of Sinai for the Lord had said of them
of Sinai for the Lord had said of them
of Sinai for the Lord had said of them they shall surely die in the wilderness
they shall surely die in the wilderness
they shall surely die in the wilderness [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so there was not left a man of them
so there was not left a man of them
so there was not left a man of them except Caleb the son of Jephunneh and
except Caleb the son of Jephunneh and
except Caleb the son of Jephunneh and Joshua the son of nun
Joshua the son of nun
Joshua the son of nun [Music]
[Music]
[Music] you